so following on from yesterday's video
we're going to continue the theme of
theories alongside the storyline
breakdowns yesterday we had a look at
how racket could use scrappy in the next
chess move if unique does think he's
dead similarly to the way kanan
disguised himself as slim but in this
video we're going to look at jukebox's
story arc and character how she suffered
a first-year loss how it's going to
impact her and the theory of how this
could push her into taking someone away
who kanan loves and that's davina and
i'm also going to leave this back to
this moment in power where we saw
jukebox holding her gun at tariq's head
as well and what we saw play out in
power and i'm going to go really dark
with this theory and dark with jukebox's
character towards the end of this video
but i still don't think nicole's death
is going to be the major turning point
for jukebox's character because i do
think she's going to suffer a lot more
heartbreaks and setbacks over the course
of raising kanan but we're going to run
through a story arc and the theory of
hurricane davina in this video but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you don't see everything power book 3
and power universe related but let's run
through what we sought out with
jukebox's story arc in the last episode
and how it could lead her to killing
davina now her love for nicole has been
evident ever since episode 1 of raising
canaan when we saw them together for the
first time nicole was someone who
jukebox could be open with someone that
would give her this taste of living a
normal life and this is something that a
lot of characters have wanted in power
they've wanted to come out of the game
something we saw jukebox telling nicole
in episode 7 she said that she was going
to stop boosting and it was nicole's
influence that led her to not wanted to
continue this part of her life we even
saw jukebox completely coming out of her
character as juke becoming laverne her
facial expressions completely changed
just like we saw her in this scene when
she was putting on a suit for the ball
at rack's house and the real issue is
you can never escape this life many
characters have tried and failed in
power and rock also mentioned in episode
7 that she has a vision of one day
passing down the business to lulu so she
can come out of their life just collect
checks but the life that they live with
duke described as a [ __ ] up life in
the episode 8 trailer contributed
towards nicole's downfall the mix of
weed and crack that she smoked in
episode 6 when she came to queens for
the showcase gave her a taste of this
drug and her fate was then sealed and
after kanan had passed jude the bad
batch of crack which nicole stole from
her we saw her drop dead at the end of
episode seven and this is going to be a
real heartbreaking moment for levan in
episode 8 and i say levin because this
is who she was with nicole nicole bought
the laverna of jukebox for example when
we saw them singing together in episode
three this is the shy the caring and the
loving side of duke and the note that
she left for jukebox in her bag is gonna
be the last time she reads or hears from
nicole and she really is gonna be
heartbroken this is what would probably
push her into leading our detective
burke's shoulder a lot more i don't
think this is going to be the only
heartbreak that jukebox is going to
suffer because i do believe we're yet to
see the ultimate reason as to why she
stopped her music career and what pushed
her into becoming a cop because it's way
too early for this to happen jukebox
only became a cop when kanan had already
served two years of his prison sentence
and no doubt duke's mom being introduced
in season two will play a key role as
well and this could be another harsh
lesson for duke maybe she only comes
back into her life because she realizes
how popular jukebox is becoming and
here's how she's blowing up the music
industry with the streets [ __ ] body
song being a major hit because from what
we know from jukebox's mom's character
description she left when duke was a
very young kid and ironically to pursue
a music career in l.a which seems like
it didn't quite work out as planned so i
do question the motives on coming back
to new york and re-entering jukebox's
life a moment where jukebox could really
be blowing up with a music career under
crown and lulu's music label but the key
issue here for duke is the cause of
nicole's death and there were a lot of
people in the comment section who blame
kanan for a death but there were also a
lot of people who blamed nicole as well
and although nicole should have stayed
in her lane kanan deserves his fair
share of the blame because it was his
bad batch of crack that killed nicole
and i think jukebox will see it this way
too as well and his way gets real
interesting because even before the
death of nicole i said a while ago that
i think jukebox would be the one to kill
davina and not kanan and after episode 7
it just makes me think even more that
juke is going to be the one to kill
davina so let's have a look at the
theory of how and why davina could catch
a hot one from jukebox now jukebox is
going to be devastated she may not be
able to think clearly at first because
of nicole's death but as the dust starts
to settle and as she starts to gather
her thoughts and as she realizes that
the crack that kanan gave her is gone
and missing and replaced with a note
that nicole left her she's going to
realize that cain is crack was
responsible for her death and in time
she will return back as jukebox and it
may be difficult for her to come out as
laverne again because only nicole could
bring this side out to jukebox she may
only feel comfortable coming out as
levine to detective berg for example but
as the dust starts to settle and as she
starts to come determine nicole's death
she's gonna start looking for answers
because that's what people do when
there's a sudden death of a loved one
which wasn't ill health related you
don't quite understand how and why
they've died so suddenly so you start
searching for answers because you just
want to understand what happened you're
trying to figure out the cause of the
death to give you some sort of closure
and once she realizes that kanan's crack
is to blame she could very well think
that kanan took nicole away from her and
this is why jukebox could take divina
away from kanan an eye for an eye a
loved one for a loved one you took a
loved one away from me so now everyone
but this isn't the only thing i want to
run through i want to go even darker
with this theory and even darker with
jukebox's character without potentially
being the one to kill davina and first
of all i want to connect this back to
power and how i would really love this
to play out in the final episodes of
raising kanan now in power jukebox's
original plan was to extort ghosts using
tariq for as much money as they could
and then killed them both and even
throughout the scenes between kainen and
jukebox in power you could really see
jukebox always used to control the
narrative she used to control the
conversation and she used to control the
plans that they made kainen had this
fear of juke with what she could do and
how savage she really was and when kanan
made it clear to ghost who really was
holding tariq you saw the fear in his
eyes this is a face that tells you that
ghost knew what jukebox was capable of
and that she wasn't someone who was
messing around she was very well capable
of pulling the trigger on tariq and when
someone like tommy egan calls you a
crazy [ __ ] you know jukebox or someone
who made a name for herself in the
streets back in the 90s now jukebox
forced kanan to telling tariq who he
really was and what his real motives
were for becoming close with him and i'm
sure if kanan hadn't pulled the trigger
on juke then she would have pulled the
trigger on tariq so coming back to 1991
and the timeline of raising kanan
jukebox is someone who clearly doesn't
like davina you could tell from the very
first episode that she's someone that
didn't like the way she'd been playing
kanan to the left ever since first grade
she knows that she couldn't be trusted
when she's the one who gave up the
location to the stash house as well and
how we saw jukebox holding the gun to
tariq's head in season 4 of power in
front of kanan what if she did the same
thing to davina in 1991 because it would
clearly make sense as to why we saw so
much fear in the eyes of ghost and kanan
when they saw duke with a gun to tariq's
head because they would have known what
she's capable of killing tariq because
she's done it before she's tied to
wiener up in a chair forced kenya to
tell her how he was the one who really
went after book 20 and was the cause of
his death and how much of a no-good
[ __ ] he is because of nicole
being taken away by the drug that kanan
caught jukebox then puts a trigger on
davina and takes away the person that
kanan loves and shoots davina right in
front of kanan it could also then start
to make sense as to why kane did
eventually choose tariq in the end and
choose to kill jukebox he may never have
figured in jukebox for what she did back
in 1991 and how she took away a loved
one from kanan and once kanan pulled the
trigger kanan told duke that she was
always running her mouth so what did you
run the mouth about back in the 90s now
this would then be the catalyst for us
to really see duke turn into this dark
and savage character that we saw in
power leaving laverne behind with a
double life dying with nicole and her
killing davina juke tying divina and
pulling the trigger right in front of
kanan really would be a dark moment but
also the cutlass for kanan's character
to change as well because we really
can't go into season two of kanan being
the same old naive character that we've
been seeing all season long and although
i've been enjoying the build up to the
characters even i don't think i could
take another season of kanan being this
naive again so davina's death is
something i feel needs to happen whether
it happens at the hands of jukebox or
someone else so that's how i would
really love it for it to be played out
because it certainly would be a dark
moment not just in raising canaan but in
the power universe as a whole but it's
just a theory of how i would love
jukebox to be the one to kill davina and
how i would love it for it to be played
out in the final moments of the first
season of raising kanan so let me know
what you guys think down below in the
comment section could we see jukebox
being the one to kill davina with her
then telling kanan you took nicole away
from me so i'm taking davina away from
you drop all your comments down below in
the comment section and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already then remember to
smash the subscriber and if you don't
see everything powerbook 3 empower
universe related but as always thank you
guys for watching and i'll see you
next time